>> Speaker 1: So some of you are probably
wondering at this point why it
didn't work.
And you might be wondering
where some of the big pitfalls
are in terms of configuring
a form like this.
And so a lot of these go back
to our processing script and
the way that processing script was
put together, and its requirements.
So if you got any of
its requirements wrong,
the script is expecting certain things.
If it doesn't get what it expects, then it
just sort of throws up its hands and says,
I don't know what to do,
I'm just going to make an error.
So things you need to
be sure to get right.
First of all,
make sure you have all the characters, and
you copy that URL correctly.
It's really easy to leave off
a character here or there or
forget something in
the configuration of that form tag.
So make sure you've
copied the full URL and
all the capitalizations and lower cases,
all of that is all correct.
Make sure the method is set to post and
not to get or
to any of the other dialogues, values.
Make sure that the value of
your hidden form field is set
to the email address you use
to register for the boot camp.
Those email addresses
have been whitelisted,
this is to prevent this script
from getting out of control and
spamming the entire globe
with unsavory messages.
So make sure that that is
an approved email address,
and the way it's approved is because
you used it to register for boot camp.
Make sure the name of that
hidden field is called send_to,
all lower case, no hyphens.
It's not one solid word.
It is send_to, all lower case, just
like that, and it is a name, not an ID.
As we go on down the page, in general,
you need to be sure that the names of your
form fields here are the same as what I
have called my names in my form fields.
You can change around
the IDs here if you wish.
That's fine.
You can call the IDs whatever you want but
the names as I have coded this form
are important in order to
make this script work.
Once again,
this is the way the script has been coded.
It's expecting these names to be submitted
in order for the script to work correctly.
So make sure you spell name correctly.
Make sure you use the same spelling for
all of the name fields here
that I have used here.
No capital letters, no funny characters,
make sure you spell them all correctly.
And then finally, as always,
you can always run your form
through the HTML validator.
Sometimes there'll be some
other funny thing that,
some other funny mistake you've
made somewhere along the way.
You forgot to close a tag, or
you left out punctuation, or
you literally spelled something wrong.
Computers are very literal, and
these kinds of errors are going
to throw everything off.
If you put them in the validator, the
validator will catch those mistakes for
you, so that is a great check to make sure
that everything else is correct in this
particular script.
Those are some of the typical things
that can go wrong with the script.
Check those things and in all likelihood
what you did was one of those things and
if you don't see it right now, walk away,
go take a little walk around the
neighborhood, come back in a half an hour,
or an hour or so, and look again,
and it might pop right out at you.
So hopefully all your forms are working
but this is the way web development is.
Sometimes, things don't work,
you need to go in,
you need to double-check
some of your settings.
If your code is not working, one of the
form fields doesn't have to be submitting,
it's likely because the name
is not what I used my example.
Look into the end folder, so
you see how we have a begin folder and
we have an end folder.
Look in the end folder, and look at the
names that I used, if they're in there,
hopefully they're in there, if they're
not, use the IDs, they're the same thing.
And make sure that those
are the names that you are using for
your form fields on your form as well.
Because JavaScript is looking for
those specific names, in order for
things to work, okay?
So double-check all of those names.
After that,
we're just gonna move on to the CSS.
All right, cuz goodness knows our forum
is completely unusable the way it is.
It looks horrible.